Update UDF links (#551)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/main_ping_exponential_histograms.md

`values` represents the number of instances in each of the buckets while `sum` represents the sum total of all histogram values recorded.
Note how the first column has one bucket with no elements in it (the "165" bucket), this is because Firefox adds a zero-count bucket on the left and right edges of the data (unless that would be one of the extremes and that bucket already has a count in it, as is the case for the "1000" bucket in the last two examples).

> In general, it is best not to rely on this representation of the histogram in production code (it is quite likely to change in the future). Instead, use the [`json_extract_histogram`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/udf/json_extract_histogram/udf.sql) user-defined-function (UDF) and extract out the fields you need: for example, to just get the `sum` for all the histograms above, you could modify the query above to something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, it is best not to rely on this representation of the histogram in production code (it is quite likely to change in the future). Instead, use the [`mozfun.hist.extract`](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/) user-defined-function (UDF) and extract out the fields you need: for example, to just get the `sum` for all the histograms above, you could modify the query above to something like:
```

Reviewer 2: Great point! Note that we can link directly to the exact method (https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/#extract vs, https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/)-- editing your suggestion accordingly.

## Getting percentiles from a set of histograms

> Often, questions around histograms are framed as "what's the 99th percentile?" -- that is, what is the _maximum_ value that 99% of users experience: this helps give perspective on data which may have a number of weird outliers (a.k.a the _Bill Gates walks into a bar and everyone inside becomes a millionaire_ effect). Let's take an initial stab of grabbing some percentiles of the data we were looking at earlier using the [`histogram_merge`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/udf/histogram_merge/udf.sql) and [`histogram_percentiles`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/udf/histogram_percentiles/udf.sql) UDFs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, questions around histograms are framed as "what's the 99th percentile?" -- that is, what is the _maximum_ value that 99% of users experience: this helps give perspective on data which may have a number of weird outliers (a.k.a the _Bill Gates walks into a bar and everyone inside becomes a millionaire_ effect). Let's take an initial stab of grabbing some percentiles of the data we were looking at earlier using the [`mozfun.hist.merge` and `mozfun.hist.percentiles`](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/) UDFs:
```

A solution used by GLAM is to give each client "one vote": that is, the aggregate histogram for a client over a day must sum up to one. Even in the extreme case where all tab spinner measurements fall between `658ms` and `1000ms` (the range of the highest bucket), the _maximum_ number for that bucket is just "1".

> We can reproduce this approach by using the [`mozfun.hist.normalize`](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/) UDF, which explicitly takes a set of histograms and makes sure that the values for each one sum up to exactly one:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can reproduce this approach by using the [`mozfun.hist.normalize`](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/#normalize) UDF, which explicitly takes a set of histograms and makes sure that the values for each one sum up to exactly one:
```

> We can reproduce this approach by using the [`histogram_normalize`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/udf/histogram_normalize/udf.sql) UDF, which explicitly takes a set of histograms and makes sure that the values for each one sum up to exactly one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can reproduce this approach by using the [`mozfun.hist.normalize`](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozfun/hist/) UDF, which explicitly takes a set of histograms and makes sure that the values for each one sum up to exactly one:
```
